Clarify full nodes limitations (#2168)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-sync.md

archive node. However, an archive node takes up a lot of disk space - around Kusama's 1.6 millionth
block this was around 15 to 20GB.

Archive nodes are used by utilities that need past information - like block explorers, council
scanners, discussion platforms like [Polkassembly](https://polkassembly.io), and others. They need
to be able to look at past on-chain data.

> A **full node** is _pruned_, meaning it discards all information older than a specific number of

Reviewer: We only discard finalized blocks.

Author: ```suggestion
A **full node** is _pruned_: it discards all finalized blocks older than a configurable
```

> blocks (256 blocks by default), and the genesis block. A node that is pruned this way requires

Reviewer: Why do you mention the genesis block explicit?

Author: Was here in the wiki before, and my intent is to imply you need a chainspec that includes this block (or the information to produce it?), so all nodes retain this at least.

Author: ```suggestion
number (256 blocks by default), and the genesis block. A node that is pruned this way requires
```

Reviewer: But I read this as it also discards the genesis block :D But I'm no native speaker

Author: yap. That is a good point. Updated.
